he used to be on co G as what that's how
he started his career as a jungler oh
really yeah back in the day yeah I think
yeah they go to well what's the second
week of LCS I'm here right now with
covers presented by Omni slash talked to
febiven is it forbidden you got to give
a pronunciation lesson for all the NA
fans actually how I really don't care
you don't care okay boom right there for
Vivian and her was forbidden he doesn't
care what you call him call me anything
I spent read it you can call him
anything anyway so you just popped off
you got a pentakill against CLG you got
to be feeling pretty good right now
right yeah it was pretty good I felt the
better in the game obviously after I had
it but yeah feels really good to have my
first man tequila competitive on my my
best champion so yeah what do you think
we all have to make fun of Europe but
you came over here and within first two
weeks got your first Penta kill so how
much easier are you fighting North
American LCS compared is it like when
Koreans leave Korean solo queue and come
to and a solo queue is that like you
coming from EU LCS to na LCS I mean no
disrespect but I feel like Co G this
game was really trolling like I never
had so many free kills in my career like
they were legit just running into me and
like I was killing them all so I know
it's felt really disappointing from
their sides but also like felt really
nice to kill them all right I was really
surprised how they played and how many
free kills actually got yeah how do you
feel about clutch right now a lot of
people gave you crap whenever you came
to na saying you weren't joining a
serious team but I mean that looks like
a pretty good game well obviously people
like talk shit right like yeah with
every player and it's like people over
hype other players more than like the
neutral players you know and I think the
players in my team are like not that not
know that known you know especially my
top laner has been getting a lot of like
like question marks obviously which i
think is fair you know but I think like
ranking like putting already
so much negativity on the team and like
saying that we won't do well that is
obviously like something I don't agree
with you know and I think every team
just needs time you know and like I feel
like we have a really strong roster and
it can only get better with time right
so I'm pretty happy I joined this team
what do you think about your strength
compared to the strength of the other
mid laners in the LCS because I feel
like you know a lot of people are
looking at power of evil they're looking
at beerus and etc and now you've joined
up as well so what where do you see
yourself fitting into this whole mix hmm
well I think I'm not much different than
those players besides that obviously
like really consider everyone is really
consistent and solid which I like the
players I consider like really good in
na at least I think are like barracks
and Jensen pobelter obviously power
buffing is really good and the rest I'm
not sure also Phoenix I think it's a
really good player and they're also
really consistent and I feel like
they're champion pools are good and one
thing I think that I'm better at than
all of those is my mechanical skill and
my like predicting of skill shots and
like my movement I think have superior
than other mid laners obviously not that
much better because it when she wants
together at the top level right it's
really hard to like be different but I
feel like everyone is kind of equal and
everyone has something that they're
better than the other and yeah it's just
it's nice to see because then you can
also learn from the others and they pick
and learn from you so for going back to
that game the zere looks pretty good
right now you looked pretty good on his
ear what do you kind of think of his
state and the matter right now
mm I think us here is pretty unbalanced
if you get to certain items I think if
you get three items without your team
being behind then obviously you cannot
win team fights against it unless you
have like a comp that is good against it
but there's also a lot of counter play
with us here because you have your wall
you can always protect yourself you can
buy defensive items
you have a really fast Baron so if you
get one or two Mountain Drake's it's
like you get the natural fee if the
enemy doesn't isn't on point with the
Nash control and obviously as he has
weaknesses right because we saw in the
game that they actually had pressure
made early game with the Jayce and then
they just fuck my top laner because they
tip it you know so obviously there is
things you can punish but I think is the
best in fighting champ for mid right now
and it should be highly considered by
every team because usually the game ends
with a teamfight so if you don't kill
this guy then he's just gonna kill your
whole team right because it's like it's
just like ad carry but stronger with a
lot of range so yeah you really need to
right now you just want a player a
millinery team who plays a zero good
well before the interview I asked buddy
of mine Kobe to ask for watch what I
should ask you and he suggested I ask
you who is the best caster and na that
you have ever faced and silic you
oh not anime and what is out of all the
casters in the world that you have faced
in soloqueue
who is the best in game he's the lucky
one because I never faced a caster and I
you know and that's not like you game so
yeah he says he lets you win is this
true he was actually really useless but
yeah I think I was playing malas are
carrying alone so would you say that you
know you just you just trashed CLG he
used to be on CLG as he indicated of
what you know the CLG player base is
like he used to be on CLG as well that's
how he started his career as a jungler
oh really yeah
back in the day yeah I think yeah yeah
makes a lot of sense for him huh yeah
very good well that's why he's casting
now very clearly but oh what do you
think vulvar time out casters what do
you think of jatt at the start of split
he ranked CLG is his number one team of
the split now they're not doing so hot
any thoughts on that now that you've
played them yeah I'm really surprised
because we scrim them and they're in
scrims they look completely different
and they completely dominate us so
yeah it's kind of weird to see them
playing so regressing I felt a bit I
feel a bit like they disrespected us but
I think just bit over aggressive and
yeah I don't know what they were doing
because I mean you saw the game right
like they were just they kept running
into us without actually like thinking
properly so yeah it's kind of it felt
kind of too like the early game was hard
but once I started doing and getting
kills like it felt a bit too I got too
comfortable you know like they didn't
stand a chance after they gave so many
kills so it was kind of sad to see and I
expected more close game you know
instead of like I think we had a really
big gold lead after all so yeah well the
CLG separated at least we'll be happy to
hear that they're doing well in scrims
so maybe there's a potential we'll see
these guys turn it back on later on and
the split is there anything that you
want to say to any of the fans
especially the NA fans that just watch
you get a pentakill and they're like hey
maybe I should root for this guy well
now that you watch me get my Fanta kill
obviously I want you guys to keep
watching me and my team without my team
I wouldn't have gotten this obviously
and they always also also gave me the
Penta kill so I'm really happy about
that and yeah I hope you guys keep
supporting my team clubs gaming I'm
really happy with my organization and
the players I'm with also thank you very
much for interviewing me and yeah
looking forward to next time yeah
looking forward to next time as well
especially if you keep getting Penta
kills before I interview that that helps
with the views that's good just hit me
up every time you get a Penta kill
thanks so much for the interview for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things LCS right
here on my youtube channel
heywood thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the interview brought to you by
Omni slash and me fair lady when those
who you are slightly more all right well
wait thanks you can check out the rest
of my coverage right here on my youtube
channel